It's a trillion-dollar project, at least.
And the upfront investment is at least more than 200 billion
Now we don't have to spend a penny.
This is simply for us
There is no risk.
I have already negotiated with the Shubei Zhang family
They're willing to put up 11.5 million.
I thought if I could pull their family over
Pull a few more times
It shouldn't be possible.
I guess
If you can probably come up with 3 million
Let's take care of those families
Let's do something together.
What if they don't want to?
They don't want it. It's an opportunity for them to make money.
If you can't even tell the difference
They deserved it.
This guy is clearly an old fox
If he is a fox
What am I?
Vixen?
What are you laughing at?